Knowledge Points of Ch4 "List"
1. Data structures are used to store a collection of related data.
2. There are four built-in data structures in Python - list, tuple, dictionary, and set.
3. A list is a value that contains multiple values in an ordered sequence. Since lists themselves can contain other lists, you can use them to arrange data into hierarchical structures.
4. A list begins with an opening square bracket and ends with a closing square bracket, []. Values inside the list are also called items. Items are separated by commas and can be different data types.
5. The value [] is an empty list that contains no values, 
6. You can get Individual Values in a List with Indexes, starting from 0. Indexes can be only integer values. You can also use negative integers for the index. For example, index -2 refers to the second-to-last index in a list.
7. Lists can also contain other list values. The values in these lists of lists can be accessed using multiple indexes. 
   For example, spam = [['cat', 'bat'], [10, 20, 30, 40, 50]]. Then spam[1][4] returns 50. 
8. You can get a sublist with a slice. A slice is typed between square brackets, like an index, but it has two integers separated by a colon. In a slice, the first integer is the index where the slice starts. The second integer is the index where the slice goes up to, but will not include,
9. Some List related methods:
    Getting a List’s Length with len()
    Changing Values in a List with Indexes
    List Concatenation (+) and List Replication (*)
    Removing Values from Lists with del Statements
    Finding a Value in a List with the index() Method
    Adding Values to Lists with the append() and insert() Methods
    Removing Values from Lists with remove() method
    Sorting the Values in a List with the sort() Method
10. Using for Loops with Lists
11. The in and not in Operators
12. The Multiple Assignment Trick
13. Augmented Assignment Operators
14. List-like Types: Strings and Tuples
15. Mutable and Immutable Data Types
      A list value is a mutable data type: It can have values added, removed, or changed. However, a string is immutable: It cannot be changed. 
16. The tuple data type is almost identical to the list data type, except in two ways: A Tuple is defined by () and is immutable.
       If you need an ordered sequence of values that never change, use a tuple.
17. Converting Types with the list() and tuple() Functions
18. The copy Module’s copy() and deepcopy() Functions

    
